great guys all with you semchenko and you
hit the battle of append testers today
my guest
adamson cool hi hi friends and
we will fight with a huge
among themselves in the opening of cases
namely, in luck to someone more today
lucky learn you right now we
open today chrome cases with us
12 pieces in total and come on
open the first case let's see what we and
did fly out with you so here and ready
discovering how to say ship
run as you call it and go
but let's first case open chrome all
so yes yes yes yes yes yes let's drive once
two three 1 kesyk opening with us
flies now party things nothing
coolest every block save shotgun
serenity and oh damn right on the line
straight on the hairs actually have me
could also fall 2 block storage but
sc rolls out here of serenity and
purple rubles 30-40 somewhere so well
continue today with anderson
I feel we will fight on shit gu
straight you know, well, we drove 1 2 3 let's shook
if your friend dragon king has flown by
my watermelon flew from me here
another muertos flew by
and yourself that fell lock mp9
deadly poison well let's better
perhaps from one-two-three bangs
bangs switch knives knives see something
there are columns dead p250 you yes no
well and nafig but go nafig last series
okay I will not spoil what was well
look at me now every episode
gonna do let's make fun
guys okay how much is the mandrel
300 rubles what quality will tell you how
un quality quality we have right factory
oh notes well are you really cunning in fact
over the years the team there are not just versions
your pin yeah and now i can u you
this one win 250 calmly and so
Essentially, by the way, yes, we still have a lot of cases
Let's open the next 321, and damn, I
so want
you love dead men about a previous conviction
so you have a dead man 3 want you
hug the dead straight really really want
then the twisted death of these panels on me
all who are poisonous death come on three two
one and the next case
I still want to win you and I want
pick this loot cool well there was
deadly from the rocks 20 gorod but what
are you already ahead of me probably dirt
again I think I'm lucky let me
I think let's
23 well do you really adamson
sly dog to her cartel I flew even
campaign on density and also did not seem
ramazh 10 malachite is not a thing
stop i like it
called i call you in my show and you
still in me and you win so yes u
us became 6 case
6 case give friends open 6 cases
last one i want that dialogue and fighter
flew so 10 blocking I don't know y
I certainly have every chance to do you
and pick up your p250 on i have left
just five keys like you in general
clip can multiply graduates literally
Duyite will even eat you another leg
fell out
or something hints at me no I'm at you
both come and you and I have a knife you
you fall and you just cassidy we are shocked
come on 3 2 1 and the stat track has been enhanced
tip first at storage 5
mp9 block deadly poison doesn't crash to you
see how lucky those water
iconic knives will be something then
I have it quiet so I will not
saw a winning m3
let's go on that t21 drove well
open open atlanta el
you have flown a peony
stattrack m'ka king of dragons just
a little bit over there damn well that is
nifigase luck so far they are not titanium
I fell great but you don't care
at least something cool flies by me when
I call the battle of visionaries people I pump
for some reason, and clogged containers I do not
lucky but when i'm opening the boxes
I just spoils the unreal in
contracts also start so come on gel
I want to twist something but not me
grandfather I'll twist something please
Adam over Twist Come on 321 all so clicked
pressed and
desert eagle tasters naga flying
the same I had the rest of the discounts not
staterk left two cases I fell
just some consumer goods are getting stronger
practically apart from the first weapon I am so
well I started to finish off 51 pam
memory memory memory memory memory memory
pam pam pam 10 malachite 20 grotto come on
same day last kate I pray to you gay
I want udelat Adamson and pick either
250 please save me m44 now
dragon king stattrac picture can
save him by the fighter nutcracker well
Naturally knife drove Adamson let me
counting out as they say 3 you cook 2
then one and everything went on come on
come on 321 all all all friends last
case and shake it now everything will solve now everything
your mother shall be decided liters to
city check and check 7 check and check
adamson i congratulate you you take
so you play today you take me 6
I'll even say three purple
weapons this dollars pepper city shock
mac-10 malachite and serenity else
all blue no thanks thank you guys
everyone for watching
Adamson release did me like this
happened you did today was
lucky than me by the way I wonder how much
worth your p250 looked estimated worth
10 rubles is not written how much it costs
Now I will see how much it costs.
the whale is just interesting very old too
how are you doing me today i have three
purple weapons are probably somewhere in
total call directly factory
240 rubles
oh damn i was close i was close
so that your fate is that I have three
purple things fell out
God knows they are a cheap together 100
rubles probably somewhere
that is, you have today is probably the case for
one hundred fifty for 200 rubles but I don't
very disappointing but I still know you
I thought that under fifty stands
more expensive as it is not very good
immediately friends thanks everyone for watching not
know subscribe to our feeds on
Adamson channel and my reference all
is in the description just do not forget
semi after all my link link also
there is a description join the group
there we sell boots things and everything
Else until new meetings friends good luck in
case opening
write in comments next
release call yourself 7 drunk sleep yet
bye bye bye friends